Mars blending with Ascendant
You are an independent person who wants to have control over your own life. You dislike restraint of any kind and you don't like to take orders. You want to be in charge of situations and take leadership roles rather than following someone else's lead. You may have an explosive temper and be subject to accidents, especially burns or cuts to the face. You are probably athletically inclined and you like physical activity and being on the go. Your vitality is strong and you have better than average recuperative powers, even if you do tend to run higher than normal fevers when ill.

*
Mars blending with Jupiter
You have a wonderfully optimistic and positive attitude and you believe that there is nothing you can't do. Therefore, you tackle life's problems with self-confidence, a strong will and much gusto. You love challenges and if someone tells you something can't be done, then that makes you want to give it a go even more. No matter how much you accomplish, you will probably never rest on your laurels. There are always more challenges ahead of you and you actively seek them out. You are forward-looking, enterprising and enthusiastic about new projects. You are not happy in situations that do not offer you challenges and the potential for growth and expansion in the future — no matter how secure or satisfactory they may be in other respects. People probably think you are very competitive, but you are mainly in competition with yourself, to see how far you can go and how much you can accomplish. You have leadership abilities because you inspire courage, confidence and enthusiasm in others. You have the spark of life and your vitality is strong, so your health is generally good. Any problems that may set in are probably due to burnout rather than anything else. Because you are so strongly driven by challenge, you may lose interest in things or people if you do not feel challenged. This tendency can affect your love life as you may continually change partners to try and find one who can keep up with you or keep you on your toes. You like the chase more than the capture or conquest. You love absorbing new knowledge and you may travel in order to experience different cultures.

You are direct in speech and say what you mean, no holds barred. You may need to develop a bit more tact. There is a gambling streak in you because you love excitement. Be careful of your risk-taking tendencies as they can get you in over your head if you are not disciplined. You tend to pass judgment very quickly, regardless of whether or not you have all the facts. This also gets you into trouble at times. Try to curb any tendency you have in needing to be right all the time. Your ego can get rather large at times and it wouldn't hurt you to show some humility and modesty at times and also to say you're sorry for wrong actions and words. Remember that "Pride goeth before the fall" and "Judge not, lest ye be judged". With all that said, this aspect is one of the finest there is, as it also gives a measure of spiritual protection as well.

*
Mars blending with Neptune
You have a very active and fertile imagination which at times can really run away from you. In order to keep your sanity it will be necessary at times to discipline your thoughts and stop going overboard with far-out ideas. Your ambitions and activities may never be totally practical and concrete as you enjoy thinking about Utopia rather than the real-life world. You have a strong desire to act out your fantasies, dreams, visions and ideals. Artistic, musical or dramatic ability is within you if you can organize and discipline yourself to actually doing the work it takes to bring things to fruition. You have a mystical nature and you are curious as to the greater spiritual truths. Ordinary life seems drab and uninteresting to you, and you need to have some big dream or something larger than your own narrow personal interests to live for. The sea has a strong pull for you as you are renewed by its vibrations.

Confusion sometimes overcomes you regarding just exactly how and where to direct your energies and ambitions. There are times when you just drift through life, hoping that something or someone will spring up and put you on the right course. You need to learn how to make your own decisions and take responsibility for them. You have a passive side and at times lack the will power, physical energy, strength, and the fighting spirit to achieve your aims, stand up for your beliefs or to confront the people you need to be assertive with.

There is a great deal of powerful magnetic energy here with this aspect and you will find that you are drawn to people or circumstances in strange and unusual ways. Manipulation and fraud can be part of these experiences and you may be on both the giving and the receiving end of things. You may have difficulty recognizing or telling the truth and you may encounter people who are also this way. In any case you need to be careful about the sorts of people you meet and establish relationships with.

Accept responsibilities and discipline in this life. That is the message of this aspect. Do not try to run away from your troubles and especially do not try to avoid them through drugs or alcohol. Stay away from negative psychic influences such as Ouija boards, séances, hypnotism and mediums. There is an urgent need for you to be totally honest with yourself and others.

*
Mars blending with Pluto
This is a powerful aspect for good or ill. When you want something, I mean, you really want something and you do whatever it takes to get what you want. Hopefully, you will go about this in the right manner, respecting the wishes and needs of others rather than simply walking over whomever you feel is getting in your way. You are very zealous and almost fanatical when you get an idea into your head. This makes you capable of great reform and great construction or destruction, depending on how you employ your energies. You are strong-willed and stubborn and you never say die. You have more endurance than most of those around you and if you are in a position of leadership, it would be well for you to remember that others do not possess the energy and stamina that you have. So be careful you do not become the proverbial slave-driver.

Sometimes in the pursuit of your goals, you lose all objectivity and are completely driven by your desires and your passions. At times like this you let no one stand in your way. You insist on being completely right about everything you say or do. You have a large and powerful ego and it might be well for you to remember that humility and modesty make for easier going rather than an over-inflated ego. At least your co-workers and associates will think so.

Power fascinates you and most things you do may be because you want more and more control, over things, situations and people. This can make you a real tyrant to be around. Your tendency is not so much to work around things as it is to run over things, especially anything that gets in your way. You can accomplish so much if you will just be aware that some methods are more productive than others in the long run. You can be ruthless and impersonal when it comes to achieving your ambitions and goals in life. You have enormous energy and are capable of extraordinary effort and great achievement. You can also become a compulsive workaholic.

You have the ability to exercise subtle control over others. This can make it easy for you to manipulate others. I hope you remember two things. No one likes to be manipulated and you will eventually reap all that you have sown. You are a natural detective and ferret. Nothing escapes you as you have the ability to correctly size up people and situations. You may have difficulty in expressing your warmth and affection for others. At times you need to lighten up. You have the ability to accept life as you find it, without wishing everything to be different.

*
Mars blending with Saturn
You are serious about your ambitions and your goals and you know that hard work and dedication is the best way of assuring that you will succeed. You understand that anything valuable takes time to build and you are more than willing to put in the time and effort for whatever is required. You are capable of great self-denial until the job is finished. You don't mind applying lots of elbow grease and keeping your nose to the grindstone for as long as the job takes. You are self-controlled, dedicated, organized, systematic, thorough, disciplined and patient in the way you go about things. You are a born leader who has executive ability and great powers of concentration. People may see you as a bit of a stuffed-shirt, but they know they can count on you as you take your duties and responsibilities very seriously. They trust you to come through for them, regardless.

You meet obstacles and life without emotion and you will struggle patiently through difficult circumstances. Most of the time you feel that you must rely on yourself alone, that it's all on your shoulders. You can be a harsh disciplinarian, expecting far too much from yourself and others. There are times when you doubt your own power and ability. You fear failure and that is why you will do anything in order to keep it from happening. There are times when it seems that every roadblock in the world is thrown at you, keeping you from initiating the things you have planned. Your solution is to dig down deep and work longer and harder. Your powers of determination and endurance are what make you succeed.

You have great drive, ambition, vitality and strategy. You desire to build and leave lasting structure. There is focus upon power and leadership. At times you may be too conservative and unwilling to take the risks that are sometimes necessary for success. Do not let fear keep you from making calculated, educated risks. Develop confidence in your own abilities. You may not be a genius but remember what Thomas Edison said, "Success is 99% perspiration and 1% inspiration". Remember that you do have an extraordinary capacity to sustain your concentration until your projects are completely finished.

When you are frustrated, you may have difficulty controlling your anger, which can be quite explosive since you tend to hold in your hostilities. You should learn to verbally express your resentments before you become so uncontrollable. If you find it impossible to talk about your resentments, then you should write them down and then reread them. If your anger goes away upon re-reading your notes, then you can destroy them. If not, then you should deliver them to whomever has caused your frustration, with the idea of talking about the frustrations when the paper has been read. You need to remember that bottling anger up inside you is one of the primary causes of gall and kidney stones. Controlling passionate desires may also need doing as unruly desires can get you in a lot of trouble if left unchecked.

*
Mars blending with Uranus
You tend to be rebellious, fiercely independent, original, unique, abrupt, head-strong, self-willed, volatile, rash, ahead of your time, eccentric and bohemian. You want to do your own thing and you hate restraint of any kind. It is hard for you to take orders. You have an unpredictable temper that can go off at a moment's notice. Yet you do have extraordinary drive and energy and can accomplish a great deal for good or ill depending on whether you use your energy constructively or destructively. You are impatient and want what you want when you want it, and NOW! You act quickly, impulsively and decisively. There are no half-way measures with you — it's all or nothing. You require a great deal of personal freedom and you dislike conforming to the schedules and rules imposed by others. Your rashness and carelessness can bring accidents because you are too often in a hurry. You like to be on the go and it is hard for you to stay in one place for very long. You tend to get bored easily and are always looking for new challenges, excitement and risk. You generally dislike authority unless you are the one wielding the power. You are frank and outspoken and you tell people exactly what you want them to hear — there's no second guessing with you. Formalities and tact do not mean too much to you most of the time. You can be a terrific agent for change if you apply yourself because you love to reform and will try to make changes in whatever you undertake. All that nervous energy you have makes you tense and high-strung and it is many times difficult for you to relax. You are restless, daring and experimental and you'll try almost anything at least once. You are mentally bright with much ingenuity and mechanical ability. Dangerous occupations appeal to you.

This aspect bestows upon you great vitality, honesty, intuition and courage. But it is essential for you to learn to take instruction and to listen to other people's viewpoints with an open mind, because this develops the self-discipline you need. Discipline keeps the world from being totally chaotic. You also seem to have a need to shock people, which should be stopped. You must learn to control those wild, rebellious tendencies.

*
Mars harmonizing with Ascendant
You tend to be independent, courageous, strong-willed and self-assertive. You do not really care what others think about you — you are your own person. You like and have active, energetic friends. You have integrity and loyalty and will defend your beliefs and ideals. This aspect benefits the physical body, increasing vitality and giving better than average recuperative powers.

*
Mars harmonizing with Jupiter
You have a lot of self-confidence, enthusiasm and vitality. You believe that you can accomplish just about anything you set your mind to. Your sense of timing is good and you have the ability to foresee what will work and what won't. You enjoy competition and you have a mostly playful, good-humored attitude about it. You mostly compete with yourself to see how far you can go or how much you can accomplish. You don't hold onto grudges and you don't resort to mean acts to get even with people for real or imagined slights. You enjoy anything that will help stretch your limits — traveling, education, philosophy, religion. You enjoy adventure, taking risks, sports and outdoor activities. You may be good in sports but may not exercise the appropriate discipline to really excel. You are usually very optimistic and enthusiastic and pretty much always retain a positive attitude towards life. This aspect may help bring you wealth, but at the same time it may also bring a free-spending attitude with it. You tend to be lucky in speculation and you are generous with all you have. You have faith in the future and usually do not worry about what you need for tomorrow. You are recognized for your integrity, sincerity and honesty. Even when angry, your anger quickly fades as you have an inborn knowledge that getting angry is a waste of your energy. Even during difficult times, you remain positive and never lower yourself by stepping on anyone's toes to satisfy your own desires.

*
Mars harmonizing with Neptune
You enjoy and have a flair for coming up with creative solutions to problems by using your powers of visualization and imagination. You are a fairly passive person who would rather avoid conflict and confrontation in favor of more peaceful or subtle methods of resolving problems. You like to work with others for some cause that will benefit those around you who are less fortunate than you. In your mind serving them is one of the best ways to reach for God. And you are correct in that notion. You have a flair for the dramatic, the musical, the artistic and the poetic. Channeling your energies into these sorts of activities helps keep you in a positive frame of mind and emotion. It also helps you keep control of your imagination so your thoughts and ideas don't run away with you. You have the ability to bring your dreams into reality, for you tend to be a practical idealist. You have a mystical side to you and you may be attracted to the occult. There is a personal magnetism about you that attracts others, especially those in need. You have the ability to be patient and lovingly assertive. Because of your kindnesses to others in past lives, you have some degree of spiritual protection from hidden enemies who might seek to undo you. You have learned that patience will bring you whatever you desire and to this end you will work hard. You are compassionate towards people and animals and you are usually a soft touch for any hard-luck story. The sea has a rejuvenating effect on you and you would probably benefit from its vibrations.

*
Mars harmonizing with Pluto
You believe in yourself and the missions you undertake. You have a strong sense of self-confidence and will power that will not admit defeat. You know what you want and how to go about getting it in the most constructive manner. You are a natural leader and people look to you to show them the way. You have strong opinions and are not afraid to voice them or to stand up for what you believe. You are interested in making reforms when something could be made better. You have the drive, the stamina and the persistence to succeed at anything you desire. Sometimes you can become so engrossed in a project that you are unable to quit, even when you are physically worn out. You need to listen to your physical body and stop before you are exhausted. Your ego is strong but you are usually understated about it as you do not always need to be the center of attention. You like to be in total control of your life and prefer to be the leader in any situation. Since this is not always possible, you may need to learn how to cooperate and compromise better.

You like the unknown and the mysterious and want to get to the bottom of things. You want answers. Issues of life after death may be particularly interesting to you. Perhaps one of the healing arts is of significance to you. For all you know, perhaps you have healing ability. You are a natural detective and ferret and you can size up people and situations accurately and relatively quickly. Little escapes your notice. You prefer depth rather than breadth. You do not care to fight verbally, but will if necessary. Although you may control your anger quite well, when you do lose your temper, it is very explosive.

*
Mars harmonizing with Saturn
You possess self-control, endurance, perseverance, patience, organizing ability and the willingness to work hard to achieve your objectives. You have staying power and you don't wilt under pressure. You know that time is required in order to build anything lasting and once you make a commitment, you don't stop, even if it looks like it will take forever. The goals you have tend to be practical and realistic and you pursue them step-by-step in a well-planned, orderly way. You have executive ability and your ambitions are high. You like to work in solitude and you feel that your best work is done when you are alone. You have common sense and good judgment, yet you may need to remind yourself at times that you must not give up if it takes you longer to accomplish your projects than it does other people. You are not necessarily fast, but you are thorough. Whatever you build, you build for permanence. If you suffer from holding in your anger, then you must learn to release it, else it may cause bitterness and resentment. Learn to express your reasons for feeling angry to the individuals involved. You have a positive blend of boldness and caution most of the time. In previous lives you have done a fine job of balancing your desires with a sense of responsibility. You tend to be rather reserved, which can cause you difficulty in letting go to enjoy yourself in social situations. One of your most positive traits is that you do not seek power, but merely want to do any job well.

*
Mars harmonizing with Uranus
You are dynamic, decisive, quick, impulsive, inventive and probably mechanically adept. You respond immediately to almost every situation, you prefer spontaneity rather than routine and you enjoy vigorous physical activities that require fast reflexes and a good sense of rhythm and timing. You have an abundance of nervous energy and vitality, along with a restless desire to see reform, progress and change. The status quo does not interest you much and you get bored easier than most. It is sometimes difficult for you to relax as you prefer being on the go. You are independent and do not like to feel tied down. Taking the lead on new projects and inspiring others to your cause are characteristics you possess. You find advice from others hard to follow as you feel the need to experience everything for yourself — right or wrong, good or bad. You have done reasonably well in past lives in balancing your impulsiveness and your anger. Keep up the good work here and now. You have good intuition and if you will only learn to listen to it more, then you would be better off. You like to push the envelope and rebel, but you also know when it is in your best interests to stop pushing and just go along. Although you like reform, you will not accept it at all costs. You have a personal magnetism and can become a leader, not for power, but because your foresight allows you to see how things will work themselves out. Unusual experiences tend to happen to you, but you take them all in stride because you enjoy a good challenge.

*
Mars discordant to Ascendant
You may need to learn how to better cooperate with others. Others see you as overbearing and egotistical at times because you tend to be aggressive, competitive and independent. You struggle between your own personal desires and your need to get along harmoniously with the people around you. There are times when you are impulsive and emotional, displaying sudden and angry outbursts of temper.

*
Mars discordant to Jupiter
You tend to put your desires ahead of other's needs. This leads to selfishness, an egotistical attitude that others do not like, and a withdrawal from wanting to help others because of the inconvenience, expense, etc. Yet you are fully capable of using your great energy and determination to help all those around you who ask for your help. You are also able to become so devoted to something or someone that you give up all personal desires and passions. You have to decide which path you are going to follow.

You are ambitious, enterprising, self-confident and you have a strong desire to succeed in a big way. But, you can come across at times as being too forceful or aggressive in your desire to succeed in life. You are constantly looking for new opportunities, new experiences and new knowledge. Travel, either physical or mental, can be an avenue for you in this quest. You love taking risks if you think this will help you come out ahead, either financially or otherwise. But you should be careful as you are prone to bad judgment, bad luck and overdoing your speculative activities. Stay away from gambling because if you happen to "catch the bug", it could ruin you.

You have the tendency to overextend yourself, promise more than you can deliver and at times you exaggerate the truth for effect or for personal gain. You do so because of an overly optimistic or overly confident assessment of your own capacities and abilities. No matter how much you accomplish, you never seem to be completely satisfied. You always feel you can do more or that you should be doing more, so you set your sights on yet another goal. Perhaps you need to search for yourself within.

Get in the habit of planning ahead so that you do not rush yourself and thus put yourself at greater risk of an accident through carelessness and hurry. Forethought will also help you to be more considerate of others, as you are apt to be thoughtless, without meaning to cause pain. You enjoy competition and challenge. You like the chase more than the conquest. Life at times is a big game for you. You will find that you will get along far better with others if you learn to work in cooperative harmony rather than in competition.

Although you have potential athletic ability, which would be a constructive use of your energy and competitive nature, it is wondered whether or not you possess the necessary self-discipline in order to be truly great or successful. You have an abundance of physical energy and are generally very optimistic. There is danger of dissipating yourself through extravagance or self-indulgence. Self-control is required. There may be trouble through legal matters. Practice balancing your enthusiasm and your aggressiveness in how you deal with others. Guard against working too fast as this sometimes makes your work sloppy or half-finished. Part of the reason for working too fast is your restlessness, which creates a need to be on the move a lot.

*
Mars discordant to Neptune
The danger with this aspect is that you tend to want to escape from reality and avoid your day-to-day duties and responsibilities. If this escapism tendency is carried too far, you may seek outlet through drugs or alcohol, both of which will eventually ruin your life. Ordinary life seems dull and drab to you and you feel a need for something that stirs your imagination, some vision or ideal or cause that motivates you. Without such an impetus you tend to procrastinate doing the things in your life that you need to be doing. People count on you and you let them down in any manner of ways. People then lose their respect for you and eventually avoid having anything whatsoever to do with you. You may have difficulty separating truth from fiction or fantasy from reality. You need to stay grounded and disciplined so that you can remain functional. Yes, it's true that your real home is in the spiritual worlds, yet you must live your earth life here and learn as much as you can from your experiences in concrete existence. That is what we are all here for. So stop thinking about skipping out on the school of life and get back to business.

It is possible, though, that you can really pursue your dreams and bring them into reality. You have the ability to do this if you approach it the right way. The right way is in staying focused, centered and disciplined. Nothing worthwhile can be accomplished without discipline and you need to realize that if you do not already. You are an artist at heart, whether your medium is song, dance, drama, poetry, music, art or painting. Any of these allow you to express the feelings you have inside and that gives your emotions release from the day-to-day tribulations of living. Your imagination is capable of quite a great deal if you will simply keep it in check and not allow it to run away from you.

Work that serves only your own narrow personal interests does not satisfy you. You need something more in your life than just living for yourself. You may lack the competitive edge, the fighting spirit, the me-first attitude that is often required for material advancement and success. Of course you simply may not have much earthly ambition. You also have the tendency to either overestimate or underestimate your own power and abilities. There is deception and self-delusion present, either on your part or on the part of others that you come into contact with. You are an easy target for swindlers and con-men because you are a sucker for a sob story. You must realize that most people have to learn to help themselves. You cannot save the world, as much as you might like to do so. The only one you can save is yourself. And that is no easy task for any of us.

There is the tendency here to get involved in co-dependent relationships. Either you or your partner or both knowingly or unknowingly play the role of martyr, victim or savior. You must realize that any relationship that isn't based on equality is eventually doomed to failure.

This aspect may make your nature coarse and sensual, impulsive and irascible, militant and extravagant in speech and action, self-indulgent to a degree in whatever direction your passions may lead you and unable to exercise restraint over yourself in any direction. It tends to give a fanatical spirit which may express itself in either religion or atheism. There can be tendencies toward lawlessness. Self-control is the saving grace that you need to develop.

You do have talent, even though it is easier for you to doubt your abilities and to question your own worth. Your lack of self-esteem is distorting the truth and you must work your way through the illusion. The challenge is to conquer discouragement. You see failure as an indication of your unworthiness to merit rewards or success. To dissipate your feelings of unworthiness, you may resort to placing the blame for your failure upon others until your gossiping even convinces you it is the truth. Eventually, when the real truth is revealed, you suffer greatly, for you have made yourself unbelievable to others. You could save yourself much inner distress if you would recognize that failures are simply spiritual stumbling blocks which test everyone's courage in picking themselves up again without emotional turmoil. Any suffering you experience will, in the long run, teach you obedience and that is one of the roads that leads to God. Self-forgetting service to others is another road that is safe and sure.

Be careful of the people and situations you associate with as not everyone is really whom they say they are. Some may be secret enemies from past lives who are conscious or unconscious agents of God acting so that you may reap what you have sown previously. Stay away from negative psychic influences such as Ouija boards, séances, hypnotism and mediums. There is an urgent need for you to be totally honest with yourself and others.

*
Mars discordant to Pluto
You have a most powerful will and influence on others. People feel threatened by you and some may seek to stop you before you stop them. Powerful people may be brought into your life in order to teach you the proper use of power and leadership. You have strong desires and passions and when you want something, you pursue it obsessively and relentlessly until you achieve or obtain it. You may be so driven by your desire that you lose all objectivity. Compulsive, obsessive behavior is possible with this aspect and you need to control your fanatical tendencies. Your desire for power and control over others is probably quite developed and you need to watch this as no one likes feeling controlled. You should know that as you hate restraint and dislike taking orders.

You have a secret side to you and will not reveal your intentions to others until it best suits your purpose. You want to know everything about others, yet at the same time you do not want to tell them anything. You always try to keep the upper hand, no matter what the subject or situation. You love intensity and whether the outcome is good or bad does not matter half as much as long as the experience you gained was intense. Power struggles and relationships with a strong dominance/submissiveness motif are also likely.

You have enormous energy reserves, stamina and endurance and you need to remember that those around you do not as a rule share this same characteristic. Don't drive the people around you too hard for they probably do not have the ability to withstand all the stress, hard work and pressure that you are able to endure. You don't want to be known as a slave-driver, do you? Don't laugh. Learn to control and properly channel your energies.

With all that has been said, it should be obvious to you that you are capable of extraordinary effort and great achievement if you will direct your energies along positive lines. You can be a great force for good or ill, it all depends on how you direct your mind, your will and your desires.

Try to better learn how to work more in harmony with others. Cooperation will truly get you further ahead than competition. You don't want to make enemies on your way the ladder because you will meet those same enemies on the way down. And you will go down if you use under-handed or illegal methods to carry out your plans. Listen to other people's ideas and consider them for you may hear something you hadn't thought about before and learn from it. Even though you think you are mostly right, you can still learn a thing or two by listening and keeping an open mind. Give people a chance to express themselves and don't give them all the answers even if you know them. That way you will be serving them and building up treasure for yourself at the same time. One last point, it might be wise for you to remember that being excessively stubborn can easily turn friends into enemies.

*
Mars discordant to Saturn
Energetic drives collide with conservatism and caution. This aspect in its worst expression tends to make you cruel, cold and unfeeling. You keep anger and resentment within you and you do not forget nor forgive a wrong. Revenge is on your mind and you want to pay back those people who have gotten in your way, either in reality or simply just in your mind. But this aspect can also give a very determined and ambitious nature. It can make a person persevere, endure, struggle and work hard, in spite of difficulties and discouragement. In its usual influence it tends to make you run hot and cold or it continually puts roadblocks and obstacles in your way to test you and see what you are made of. It is not a pleasant aspect, yet it can give you the drive and determination to succeed in spite of all the setbacks and frustrations. It can be a real character-builder if you can stand the pressure.

By concentrating on a single, clearly defined goal, you can accomplish much, but you often feel that the journey is quite difficult and that you must struggle on alone with all the responsibility and obligation on your shoulders. Now you know how Atlas must have felt carrying the weight of the world on his shoulders. You are capable of great self-control, great self-denial and great self-discipline. You can be very rough on yourself by expecting far too much out of yourself. You are sometimes held back by your own fear and the uncertainty of your own abilities. Self-confidence sometimes wanes as the work goes on without noticeable progress. You meet great resistance at times when you try to take the initiative or when you try to be assertive. An inferiority complex may emerge out of accumulated difficulties. This leads to anger and frustration and if you do not have some positive way of releasing this stress, you will quite nearly explode. Of course the people whom you take all this out on are those you are closest to. This creates a great deal of friction and animosity. For this reason you many times work better in solitude. This aspect tends to cause delays, frustrations, disruptions and obstacles to all that you try to do. It certainly will test your patience.

You need to determine what your responsibilities are and when you can safely pursue your own desires while still meeting and living up to the duties you are committed to. If you follow your own desires, then you will be looked upon as irresponsible and selfish. And if you never allow yourself to pursue your own desires, then you may tear yourself apart. The trick is to find the right balance between these areas. Part of the problem lies in that you often feel frustrated, because you assume you have no choice in doing anything you enjoy. This causes the anger to build up, making you sarcastic, bitter and resentful. Make a list of your true responsibilities and fulfill them. Then, make a list of what you would like to do for fun and relaxation. By compromising, you can release your overactive sense of responsibility. You are a skilled worker because of your organizing ability and your attentiveness to detail. You take pride in your work and you simply want to do a good job.

I will add to this that the challenge with this aspect is to see the beauty and goodness in the world that surrounds you. Because of all your troubles you tend to see life as cruel and hateful, with everyone pitted against everyone else. Life seems incredibly hard with this perspective. What you must try to do is to see the good within the world's disharmony. You need love and support yet these may be lacking. To get love you first have to give love and it is not particularly easy for you to open your emotions to others. You have been hurt in the past and you do not like emotional pain. So it takes you a while to open up to people. Because of your nature, then, you appear serious, cold and aloof to others. They have no idea of what is going on inside you.

As alluded to earlier, you tend to hold in your anger. If you do not learn to release your frustrations, this anger can and will erupt uncontrollably. You need to remember that bottling anger up inside you is one of the primary causes of gall and kidney stones. Other thoughts — learn to control your passionate desires because unruly desires can get you in a lot of trouble if left unchecked. Also, there will be times when you may not follow through on projects that you have initiated because you lack a sense of sustained purpose. There can also be a certain callousness with this aspect such that you may become selfish and unwilling to go out of your way for others unless there is some gain in it for you.

*
Mars discordant to Uranus
You are dynamic, inventive, original, mechanically inclined, quick, alert, nervous, high-strung, reckless at times, impatient, energetic, independent and unique. You have a temper that can explode from out of the blue and lay waste to anything or anyone in its path. You are a rebel at heart and you seek to reform, sometimes without regard for the consequences or whether the new situation is better than the last. Sometimes you want change just to have change. You are forever on the move because your restless nature won't allow you to stop and relax. You get bored easily and are always on the lookout for excitement, adventure and danger. You have no fear of taking risks and sometimes those risks are quite foolish. You want what you want when you want it and you don't want to take 'no' for an answer. You often do what you want regardless of the consequences for others. Many people see you as very self-centered and egotistical. Your goals change so often that it is difficult for you to stick with anything long enough to be good at it.

Cooperating with others is not your strong point, but you need to learn how to do so more effectively or you will continue to be at odds with the people in your environment. You tend to be brutally frank, abrupt and honest with people and you pull no punches. You say what you mean and you mean what you say. Your temper can explode if you do not get your way. You need a lot of personal freedom to do things in your own style and at your own pace. Perhaps you should be self-employed because of this. You must learn patience and if you are unwilling to do so on your own, then the Universe will send you the people and the situations necessary so that you will learn. And that is not the pleasant of doing it, on the Universe's terms instead of your own. You attract disruptive people to yourself in order to learn how to handle explosive situations. You have intuition and can be quite creative if you would simply follow your hunches. You are subject to accidents because you find it difficult to slow down and because you act quite impulsively much of the time. Think before acting and plan your actions beforehand. That is your mission with this aspect, along with trying to develop more self-control and self-discipline.

*
