Venus in Pisces
Your affections are expressed in sympathetic, compassionate, softhearted, romantic ways. You unselfishly give of yourself to those you love or to those who need or ask for your help. You may be a sucker for any sort of sob story and perhaps give too much at times which make some overly dependent on you. You are very idealistic in matters of love and this sometimes plays itself out whereby you become the martyr or the savior in relationships. You tend to be more compassionate than passionate and you become involved with others because they need love or need to be "saved" and you want to help them rather than out of mutual attraction or pleasure. You attract and are attracted to those who are sensitive, imaginative, or musically or artistically inclined. Your desire is to find someone you can have a deep, spiritual relationship with. You idealize love and have a very beautiful, romantic vision of what love can be. At times you can simply be in love with love. You may be highly emotional, perhaps overly so, sensitive, artistic, compassionate, gentle and psychic. You can be too easy-going or submissive and allow yourself to be taken advantage of because you do not want other people to feel let down and you don't like to make waves. You may have the attitude that somehow you must suffer in love, and do so willingly.

*
Mars in Pisces
Your energies and aggressions tend to come out in non-combative and noncompetitive ways. You are a bit of a pacifist and do not enjoy tackling anyone or anything head-on in a directly confrontational manner. Working around people or situations or working behind the scenes, in secret, is more your preferred style. If necessary, it is more your tendency to give up something rather than to fight for it. Because your ego is not especially interested in personal achievement, glorification, material advantage, or winning at the expense of someone else, you may come across to others as weak-willed or ineffectual. Being on top, being the best, or being first doesn't mean much to you, hence you can be quite happy in a supporting role, working for the benefit of others or for a cause that you believe in. You may experience difficulties in planning clear and definite goals for yourself in the real world. You are not sure what you want out of life, except you instinctively seem to know that you do have and need to find a spiritual purpose. You have many dreams, high ideals, and a strong mystical or religious impulse. You also have a creative imagination and can successfully apply yourself to art or music. You are intuitive, humorous and diplomatic, quiet on the outside, but restless within. On the negative side you can be indecisive, procrastinating, too interested in the sensual side of life, and may resort to using drugs or alcohol as a way to escape the pressures and responsibilities of dealing with everyday life. Learning self-control is important for you. Take action, don't day-dream.

*
Jupiter in Pisces
Your needs for growth and expansion are perhaps best satisfied when you are working to help raise mankind to a higher spiritual level. You recognize that we are all in this together and what is bad for one is bad for all. You are sympathetic, charitable, genial, unassuming, quiet, visionary, intuitive, with a subtle sense of humor. You have an interest in spiritual or metaphysical ideas and issues, but you need to find your own path and experience Truth for yourself. Periodically retreating from society and the people closest to you is good for your nerves and your own mental health. The strong desire you have to help others comes out in your willingness to help the unfortunate. Perhaps you volunteer in hospitals, jails, or other places of confinement. You give hope to those who need it most. You probably love nature and large animals, especially horses. There may be an interest in healing. On the negative side you may be hypersensitive, over-emotional, too sentimental, have a tendency to exaggerate, or to be too extravagant or self-indulgent.

*
Saturn in Pisces
It may be difficult for you to set boundaries for yourself and others, or to be as disciplined and organized as you want or need to be. Things have a way of getting lost in the shuffle of everyday life and it may be hard for you to keep your touch on the pulse of things around you. Sometimes you just get lost in the fog and can't see your way clearly. You are intuitive, sympathetic, sensitive, imaginative and self-sacrificing. You are a practical idealist and have a tendency to take life perhaps too seriously. You may have the sense that your present life's troubles are due to actions from the past. And this is probably the truth. You must reap what you have sown in previous lives and Saturn comes to exact his payment. Perhaps this is why you tend to feel more sorrow, perhaps, than the usual person. There can be success in working behind the scenes, away from the public eye, perhaps doing research or working in institutions. On the negative side you can be indecisive and moody, with a tendency to react emotionally to negative conditions or people. Depression can set in if success escapes you or if you feel that you have been unfairly treated. You need to develop faith in the future and let go of the past. Disidentifying from other people's troubles will allow you to help them in their own sorrows. Teaching what you have learned in your experiences is a fine road to soul growth.

*
Mercury in Pisces
You, your thoughts, and your ways of communicating tend to be idealistic, psychic, intuitive, imaginative, sympathetic, diplomatic, extremely sensitive, compassionate, and visionary. On the negative side you can be lazy, impractical, day-dreamy, over-sensitive, procrastinating, indifferent and absent-minded. You may lack a strong desire to work or to push yourself into doing anything that takes a lot of strength, organization, patience, and responsibility. You would rather be a poet or musician than a scientist or a mechanic. Formal book learning may not be your area of strength, yet you can absorb knowledge in the most remarkable ways if you are interested in the subject area. You are sensitive to your environment and thus you should be careful of which environments you hang around in. Your nerves and your mental health require you to periodically rest away from the noise of the work-a-day world. Take some time to be alone with yourself to regroup. But not too much time, as you have a tendency to get carried away with yourself and your problems. Healing using visualization techniques or healing through the laying on of hands may appeal to you. You may have great interest and talent in art, music, drama or poetry. Your imagination can be quite highly developed. Because you tend to think in terms of mental abstractions, translating your thoughts and impressions into concrete, everyday language may be difficult for you at times and consequently you may appear less intelligent or at least less quick-witted and verbal than others. You dislike being pinned down to facts and you follow your instinct rather than logic. You are intuitive and able to sense what others' thoughts and feelings are, even before they say anything to you. Sometimes you get so immersed in your own world of thought and imagination that you overlook things in your immediate, tangible environment. You are extremely open-minded and believe that anything is possible. Intangible or spiritual forces seem just as real to you as anything in the concrete world and you often form an opinion about a person or situation without much factual knowledge of them, and your impressions are usually correct. Keeping your mind positively occupied is important, as day-dreaming tends to go off in strange directions.

*
Moon in Pisces
Your emotions are expressed sympathetically and compassionately. You are sensitive, kind and gentle, imaginative, shy, tender-hearted, and have an innate understanding of how other people feel and react to situations. It hurts you if another is hurt. Because of your kindness and non-judgmental attitude, people in trouble, pain or confusion come to you hoping to find answers. It is difficult for them to think that you may be in pain yourself, but even if you are, you will do your best to help them or teach them. You seem to sense that all the pain you have suffered is for a higher purpose, if only to teach others or help show them the way. At times, though, your soft-hearted is taken advantage of and then you feel the need to withdraw, to regain your strength and composure. Music plays an important part in your life and you are instinctively drawn to it. It is as a voice from your spirit's true home. It helps you to express the emotions within that sometimes are so nebulous or vague that they cannot be put into word. You have a very romantic nature and can fall in love with love. Sometimes your feelings and fantasies get so carried away that you become overly emotional or sentimental, much to the dismay of those around you. You have your moody spells that people do not know how to deal with. You are not afraid of difficult or hard work and you especially like to work for those less fortunate than yourself. You prefer to work behind the scenes, as you may be easily drained of energy by others. There may be talent in art, dancing or music. Tendencies to day-dreaming may need to be controlled.

*
Sun in Pisces
Pisceans are sympathetic, compassionate, unassuming, idealistic, intuitive, congenial, adaptable, psychic, emotional, creative, secretive, versatile, imaginative and self-sacrificing. They can also be impressionable, indecisive, self-pitying, hypersensitive and changeable. They need to serve others.

Pisceans are sentimental and romantic in love. At times they expect too much from others and then feel hurt if the other person doesn't come through for them. They have a strong tendency to place their loved one on a pedestal. This leads to disillusionment when they discover their loved one has faults, too.

The symbol for Pisces is two fish going in opposite directions connected by a cord. One fish represents the personality and the other represents the spirit. These two opposing forces operate within a Piscean, causing insecurity and indecisiveness. Handling these forces in a positive manner is very difficult for them. Some will seek to escape these pressures through eating, alcohol, drugs or other excesses. That is what one of the fish represents. The other fish represents the Piscean rising to great heights through self-denial, sacrifice and then ultimate attainment. Pisceans learn through suffering and they need to learn perseverance.

Pisceans tend to absorb the information and environment around them. Thus it is important that they surround themselves with uplifting people and circumstances. Pisceans are creative, self-sufficient people whose minds are extremely active, due to their strong imagination, which they can sometimes get carried away with. They sense and feel things that others are not aware of.

Pisceans generally do not possess strong willpower nor do they have a dynamic approach to life. Although they can appear to be very determined on the outside, underneath, inner doubts are brewing. This insecurity causes them to need reassurance from others. One of their greatest needs is to learn to understand their emotional ups and downs. Since they have a tendency to doubt their own conclusions, they need to learn to believe in themselves.

Pisceans are very generous with their time in helping other people. They always feel their best when they are serving others in some capacity. By using their compassion outwardly for others, they will not become as moody and introverted. Service to others is the safest, shortest road to God.

Since Pisceans are reluctant to hurt others or to face any sort of confrontation, they can become involved in very difficult emotional situations which they find extremely difficult to break. They have a difficult time saying no sometimes and will stay in bad situations thinking that they can somehow change the other person and then all will be well. Some Pisceans love to play the martyr, while others need to play the savior. Pisceans tend to think with their heart rather than their head and can be easily used by others. Many fall for any kind of sob story, much to their own detriment. Their hearts are in the right place, it's just they need to be more realistic and down-to-earth.

Pisceans can be highly secretive, but they make friends rather easily and are quite loyal to them. They do not particularly like verbal or combative fights, but will defend their friends in subtle ways.

Pisceans sometimes lack vitality which often gives people the idea that they are lazy. Well, some are and Pisceans in general do like to procrastinate. A Piscean needs sufficient time each day to be alone while they regain their fluctuating energies.

A Piscean's innate desire to escape from physical living can be used constructively through creativity. Many forms of art, dance and music appeal to them. They instinctively seem to know their own capabilities and limitations. Unfortunately, though, their knowledge of their limitations can create an inferiority complex. Pisceans enjoy drama and acting because it gives them the opportunity of being someone else. This enables them to temporarily lose their inferiority complex. Because of their hypersensitivity, they can become instantly depressed over little things that are said to them.

Pisceans can appear to be deceitful because of an inborn need to justify their words and actions. If in trouble, they may attempt to rationalize their way out rather than face the consequences of their behavior.

*

